add note about SSO (#100679)
Azure/azure-content: articles/virtual-desktop/remote-app-streaming/identities.md

- Identities must be [hybrid identities](../../active-directory/hybrid/whatis-hybrid-identity.md), which means they exist in both the [Active Directory (AD)](/previous-versions/windows/it-pro/windows-server-2003/cc781408(v=ws.10)) and [Azure Active Directory (Azure AD)](../../active-directory/fundamentals/active-directory-whatis.md). You can use either [Active Directory Domain Services (AD DS)](/windows-server/identity/ad-ds/active-directory-domain-services) or [Azure Active Directory Domain Services (Azure AD DS)](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/active-directory-ds) to create these identities. To learn more about each method, see [Compare identity solutions](../../active-directory-domain-services/compare-identity-solutions.md).
- You should keep users from different organizations in separate Azure AD tenants to prevent security breaches. We recommend creating one Active Directory Domain and Azure Active Directory tenant per customer organization. That tenant should have its own associated Azure AD DS or AD DS subscription dedicated to that customer.

>[!NOTE]

> > You can enable [single sign-on (SSO) for AVD with Azure Active Directory (AD)-joined VMs](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/virtual-desktop/configure-single-sign-on). AVD doesn't support SSO with VMs joined to Azure AD Domain Services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> You can only enable [single sign-on (SSO)](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/virtual-desktop/configure-single-sign-on) and [Intune management](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/virtual-desktop/management) on Azure AD-joined and Hybrid Azure AD-joined VMs. Azure Virtual Desktop doesn't support SSO and Intune with VMs joined to Azure AD Domain Services.
```
